feat(tem): merge pages (#5606)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/transactional-email/how-to/authenticate-domain.mdx

On this tab, you can configure:
  - **SPF record** – Authorizes specific mail servers to send emails on behalf of your domain, preventing unauthorized use.
  - **DKIM record** – Adds a digital signature to verify email integrity and confirms it was sent from your domain.
  - **DMARC record** – Defines how receiving servers should handle authentication failures and enables reporting for your domain.
  - **MX record** – Directs incoming emails to your mail server but is not involved in sending or authenticating outgoing emails.

<Message type="important">
Keep in mind that:
 - The verification of your domain might take up to 48 hours.
 - Scaleway performs regular validity checks on your domain that can impact its validity.
</Message>

## How to configure SPF records

1. Scroll to the SPF, DKIM and DMARC records section.
2. Copy the value that applies to your case to add an SPF record.

    <Message type="important">
     - If you have no SPF record on this domain, copy the following value: `v=spf1 include:_spf.tem.scaleway.com -all`
     - If you already have configured an SPF record, copy the following value: `include:_spf.tem.scaleway.com`
    </Message>

> 3. Add a `TXT` record type in the root zone of your domain on your DNS zone.
> 4. Paste the value you have copied in the root zone of your domain.
> 5. Save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add a `TXT` record type in the same zone as your Transactional Email's domain, on your DNS zone.
4. Paste the value you have copied in the **Value** section.
5. Save your changes.
```

import image from './assets/scaleway_dkim_record_name.webp'
import image2 from './assets/scaleway_dkim_name_value.webp'

This page shows you how to manually configure your sending domain's DNS records to authenticate the domain and start sending [transactional emails](/transactional-email/concepts/#transactional-email).

<Message type="tip">
 You can [set up autoconfiguration](/transactional-email/how-to/autoconfigure-domain) for your TEM domain.
</Message>

<Requirements />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- [Configured a domain name](/transactional-email/how-to/configure-domain-with-transactional-email) for Transactional Email

1. Click **Transactional Email** in the **Domains & Web Hosting** section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. The **Transactional Email** overview page displays.
2. Click the name of the email domain you want to authenticate. The domain overview page displays. You can see the status of the DNS records.
3. Click the **DNS records** tab.

> On this tab you can configure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On this tab, you can configure:
```

  - **SPF record** – Authorizes specific mail servers to send emails on behalf of your domain, preventing unauthorized use.
  - **DKIM record** – Adds a digital signature to verify email integrity and confirms it was sent from your domain.
  - **DMARC record** – Defines how receiving servers should handle authentication failures and enables reporting for your domain.
  - **MX record** – Directs incoming emails to your mail server but is not involved in sending or authenticating outgoing emails.

## How to configure SPF and DKIM records

1. Scroll to the SPF, DKIM and DMARC records section.
2. Copy the value that applies to your case to add an SPF record.
    <Message type="important">
     - If you have no SPF record on this domain, copy the following value: `v=spf1 include:_spf.tem.scaleway.com -all`
     - If you already have configured an SPF record, copy the following value: `include:_spf.tem.scaleway.com`
    </Message>

3. Add a `TXT` record type in the root zone of your domain on your DNS zone.
4. Paste the value you have copied in the root zone of your domain.

> 5. Add an additional `TXT` record type in the root zone of your domain on your DNS zone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Add another `TXT` record type in the root zone of your domain on your DNS zone.
```

    <Lightbox image={image2} alt="" />
9. Add an [MX record](/transactional-email/how-to/add-mx-record-to-your-domain/).
10. Check the box "I have added these DNS records to my DNS zone" to confirm.
11. Click **Verify domain**. Your domain displays in the list of your domains.

<Message type="important">
 - The verification of your domain might take up to 48 hours.
 - Scaleway performs regular validity checks on your domain that can impact its validity.
</Message>

## How to configure DMARC records

1. Add a `TXT` record type in the same zone as your Transactional Email's domain, on your DNS zone.
2. Enter `_dmarc` in the **Name** field, followed by the domain name. For example, if your domain is called `my-domain.com`, you should have `_dmarc.my-domain.com.` in the **Name** field.
3. Enter your desired tags and their values in the **Value** section. Make sure that you add the mandatory `v` and `p` tags, and that you separate tags from each other with semi-colons. Find out about DMARC configuration in our [dedicated documentation](/transactional-email/reference-content/dmarc-configuration/).

>     Your **Value** field should look similar to the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Your **Value** field should look similar to the following:
```

5. In the **Value** field, paste the value you have copied in step 2. Your **Value** field should look like the following:
    ```
    v=DMARC1; p=none;
    ```
6. Confirm the changes and add the DMARC record.

## How to configure MX records

<Message type="important">
  We recommend you use your own MX server if you have one. If you do not have an MX server, we recommend you use Scaleway's blackhole MX, as it allows you to avoid email rejection. However, this also means that the emails sent back to the Scaleway blackhole MX, will be lost and unrecoverable.
</Message>

1. Add an [MX record](/transactional-email/concepts/#mx-record) type in the root zone of your domain on your DNS zone.
2. Enter a name of your choice in the **Name** field.
3. Set `10` as a [priority](/transactional-email/concepts/#priority) for your MX record.
    <Message type="note">
     Priority indicates the order in which your mail servers should be tried by a mail server that is attempting to deliver emails.
    </Message>
4. Enter the name of your MX followed by a trailing dot in the **Hostname** field.
5. Save your changes.

### How to add Scaleway's MX record

<Message type="important">

>   - Scaleway provides its own MX server to improve email deliverability. <br /> However, Scaleway's MX server is a **blackhole**. This means that **any email sent back to it, will be lost with no possibility of recovery**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Scaleway provides its own MX server to improve email deliverability. <br /> However, Scaleway's MX server is a **blackhole**. This means that **any email sent back to it will be lost with no possibility of recovery**.
```

  - If you have no MX server, we recommend you use Scaleway's blackhole MX to avoid getting your emails rejected.
</Message>

1. Add an [MX record](/transactional-email/concepts/#mx-record) type in the root zone of your domain on your DNS zone.
2. Enter a name of your choice in the **Name** field.
3. Set `10` as a [priority](/transactional-email/concepts/#priority) for your MX record.
    <Message type="note">
     Priority indicates the order in which your mail servers should be tried by a mail server that is attempting to deliver emails.
    </Message>
4. Enter `blackhole.tem.scaleway.com.` in the **Hostname** field. Make sure you add the trailing dot at the end of the value.
5. Save your changes.

    <Message type="important">
    Your changes might take up to 48 hours to apply.
    </Message>

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
